faq: tweak language around Apollo Server (#233)
apollographql/docs: src/content/basics/resources/faq.md

### Which language should I use for my GraphQL server?

There are GraphQL server tools available for most popular languages, but we recommend using [Apollo Server](https://www.apollographql.com/server) (Node.js) because of the ecosystem of tools developed for GraphQL in JavaScript. Node servers can also be run nearly anywhere, including on the edge.

### How do I wrap existing APIs?

One of the best things about GraphQL is that it works excellently with existing APIs. It's possible to connect any number of existing services to your schema.

> The most common source is a REST API. The [`RESTDataSource`](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/apollo-server/data/data-sources/#rest-data-source) is a tool that integrates with Apollo Server to simplify fetching and caching for existing REST APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most common source is a REST API. The [`RESTDataSource`](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/apollo-server/data/data-sources/#rest-data-source) class integrates with Apollo Server to simplify fetching and caching for existing REST APIs.
```
